feat: provide PageProps, LayoutProps types (#13308)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/30-form-actions.md

```

> [!LEGACY]

> > `PageProps` was added in 2.16.0, in earlier versions you can type the `data` and `form` properties individually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `PageProps` was added in 2.16.0. In earlier versions, you had to type the `data` and `form` properties individually:
```
